Add Customize DropDown menu article to Getting Started guides (#1946)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: includes/common-customize-dropdown-menu.md

> The drop-down menu is the [Popup](/concepts/05%20Widgets/Popup/00%20Overview.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Popup/Overview/') UI component.
> 
> To customize the Popup, use the [dropDownOptions](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dx{WidgetName}/1%20Configuration/dropDownOptions.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/#dropDownOptions') object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {WidgetName} uses the [Popup](/concepts/05%20Widgets/Popup/00%20Overview.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Popup/Overview/') component as the drop-down menu. To customize the menu, specify [Popup properties](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/) in the [dropDownOptions](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dx{WidgetName}/1%20Configuration/dropDownOptions.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/#dropDownOptions') object.
```

> On desktops and iOS devices, the drop-down menu is the [Popover](/concepts/05%20Widgets/Popover/00%20Overview.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Popover/Overview/') UI component; on other devices, it is the [Popup](/concepts/05%20Widgets/Popup/00%20Overview.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Popup/Overview/') UI component. To use the Popup on all devices, assign **false** to the [usePopover](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dx{WidgetName}/1%20Configuration/usePopover.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/#usePopover') property.

Reviewer 2: Afaik, only Lookup editor uses the Popover component by default. Other drop-down editors use Popup unless usePopover is specified

> On desktops and iOS devices, the drop-down menu is the [Popover](/concepts/05%20Widgets/Popover/00%20Overview.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Popover/Overview/') UI component; on other devices, it is the [Popup](/concepts/05%20Widgets/Popup/00%20Overview.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Popup/Overview/') UI component. To use the Popup on all devices, assign **false** to the [usePopover](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dx{WidgetName}/1%20Configuration/usePopover.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}p/Configuration/#usePopover') property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On desktops and iOS devices, the drop-down menu is the [Popover](/concepts/05%20Widgets/Popover/00%20Overview.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Popover/Overview/') UI component; on other devices, it is the [Popup](/concepts/05%20Widgets/Popup/00%20Overview.md '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Popup/Overview/') UI component. To use the Popup on all devices, assign **false** to the [usePopover](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dx{WidgetName}/1%20Configuration/usePopover.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dx{WidgetName}/Configuration/#usePopover') property.
```

> To customize the Popup or Popover, use the [dropDownOptions](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxLookup/1%20Configuration/dropDownOptions.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxLookup/Configuration/#dropDownOptions') object.

Reviewer: You need links with {WidgetName}.
